Renaming abstractions for the SDK (#176)
portiaAI/portia-sdk-python: README.md

### E2E example with open source tools
This example is meant to get you familiar with a few of our core abstractions:
- A `Plan` is the set of steps an LLM thinks it should take in order to respond to a user prompt. They are immutable, structured and human-readable.
- A `PlanRun` is a unique instantiation of a `Plan`. The purpose of a `PlanRun` is to capture the state of a unique plan run at every step in an auditable way.

> - A `Portia` is the main orchestrator of plan generation. It is also capable of run creation, execution, pausing and resumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Portia` orchestrates plan generation and execution, including the creation, pausing and resumption of plan runs.
```

Before running the code below, make sure you have the following keys set as environment variables in your .env file:
- An OpenAI API key (or other LLM API key) set as `OPENAI_API_KEY=`
- A Tavily <a href="https://tavily.com/" target="_blank">(**↗**)</a> API key set as `TAVILY_API_KEY=`

```python
from dotenv import load_dotenv

> from portia.portia import Portia

Reviewer: Not in the PR, but let's make sure this becomes `from portia import Portia`

Reviewer 2: ha, had the same comment below

from portia.config import default_config
from portia.open_source_tools.registry import example_tool_registry

load_dotenv()

> # Instantiate a Portia portia. Load it with the default config and with the example tools.

Reviewer 2: portia object? portia client?

Author: portia client.

> # Instantiate a Portia portia. Load it with the default config and with the example tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Instantiate Portia. Load it with the default config and with the example tools.
```

Note that this example also requires the environment variables `OPENAI_API_KEY` (or ANTHROPIC or MISTRALAI if you're using either) and `TAVILY_API_KEY` as the [previous one](#e2e-example-with-open-source-tools).

The example below introduces **some** of the config options available with Portia AI:
- The `storage_class` is set using the `StorageClass.CLOUD` ENUM. So long as your `PORTIA_API_KEY` is set, runs and tool calls will be logged and appear automatically in your Portia dashboard at <a href="https://app.portialabs.ai" target="_blank">**app.portialabs.ai (↗)**</a>.
- The `default_log_level` is set using the `LogLevel.DEBUG` ENUM to `DEBUG` so you can get some insight into the sausage factory in your terminal, including plan generation, run states, tool calls and outputs at every step 😅
- The `llm_provider`, `llm_model` and `xxx_api_key` (varies depending on model provider chosen) are used to choose the specific LLM provider and model. In the example below we're splurging and using GPT 4.0!

Finally we also introduce the concept of a `tool_registry`, which is a flexible grouping of tools.

```python
import os
from dotenv import load_dotenv

> from portia.portia import Portia

Reviewer 2: if we could get this to be top level, like from portia import portia that would be cleaner, but if not then that's fine.

Author: Yup, will handle that in organising imports PR.

    openai_api_key=OPENAI_API_KEY # Use `mistralai_api_key=MISTRALAI` or `anthropic_api_key=ANTHROPIC_API_KEY` instead
)

> # Instantiate a Portia portia. Load it with the config and with the open source example tool registry

Reviewer 2: portia client I think works better here, or just portia object.

> # Instantiate a Portia portia. Load it with the config and with the open source example tool registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Instantiate Portia. Load it with the config and with the open source example tool registry
```
